CPY1.1
------

I believe that cataloging musical information is legal, especially the lyrics, locations in books, and chord progressions. There are many other websites on the internet that catalog music for the purposes of containing contents such as their lyrics.

My point can be backed up by looking at real-world examples and their similarities to the goals of this project.

The site what-song.com actually provides the titles of songs that are played at various parts of a movie. The reason this is similar is because it actually describes the scene in the movie where the song plays, in much the same way that our application would describe the page number and book that the song could be found at.

Examples:
- http://what-song.com
- http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/

Because they're only storing metadata, I believe they're not infringing any copyright laws. The Wikipedia article on Metadata contained a section titled "Metadata and the law", which doesn't seem to provide any information to prove there are any legal issues associated with this.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metadata

The above link is from Wikipedia, because that's the best online summary of information I was able to find on this topic. Each search similar to "metadata copyright" leads to information about the storage of copyrighted information in digital photography and digital music, instead of the potential issues associated with it.

CPY1.2
------

Commonly, chord progressions are not something that can be copyrighted. This is because there would quickly be no room for original chord progressions after few songs have been made.

Despite that, I've been able to find evidence that chord progressions with sufficient originality can be protected. But even with that, there's never actions for a breach of copyright based on chord progression alone, because it's so easy to get your way out of. But this seems to be for copying(recreating) the chord progressions, not for cataloging them.

As it stands, I believe that creating a catalog of chord progressions is within the law as it's currently stated.

http://legalit.com.au/legaliblog/?p=28

I'm aware that the above link isn't a Canadian source, but I believe that it is still applicable to the scenario we're facing and can't find any reason that the approach in a Canadian court of law would not be similar.

CPY1.3
------

I believe that since there is no license accompanied with the file and no clause in the "Forum Rules", that we aren't committing a crime by using the contents of the file posted on iRealPro's forum for the purpose of this project.

The forum rules don't state a policy that specifically claims ownership for any of the files uploaded to posts. It says that the owner of the forums can change/remove files, but no actions pertaining to their copyright status is mentioned.

http://www.irealb.com/forums/register.php

Note the "Forum Rules" at the above link.

CPY1.4
------

This section seems conditional;

It states that the school is allowed to distribute copyrighted material for educational purposes, but in CPY1.1 through 1.3 I provided evidence that this material wasn't copyrighted.

In the case where our beliefs are incorrect and the material IS copyrighted, this section aims to prove that it was distributed legally.

If this is the intended notion, I believe that it is correct. My only concern is that we don't list the authors of any of the songs in the database material, but since this is for educational purposes, that isn't required by law.

http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/C-42/FullText.html

Note the section on "Fair Dealing" at the above link.